[MUSIC]
Some languages have something called a
switch statement, which is similar to
the an else if statements, where you can
have a multiple checks running
and it will output in a correct answer
based on your multiple
checks, but its more syntax friendly way
of doing a lot of checks.
Now, Python doesn't have one built in, but
there is an easy
work around, which is actually quite a
nice method, is, is anyway.
So, I'm going to be showing you what that
work around is.
Now, if you don't understand, or if you
don't like this
method, you can stick to using if else
if's, and else's
statement's, however, this is just an
alternative for people who want
to learn the language fully, or see other
methods of doing things.
So, the way in which you do it is by
using the dictionary, which I discussed in
a previous video.
And we're just gonna create a dictionary,
and we're gonna call that switch.
I'm going to create the dictionary using
the dict function, there we go.
And we're going to just, do 1 is equal to,
1 and
2 is equal to 2, 3 is equal to.
Okay, so now we've got 1, 2 and 3 and
our variable we're going to have equal to
2, for now.
[NOISE] Now what we're going to do is,
we're
going to do print, and we do print switch.
And inside the square brackets, we can put
a variable.
And when we run this,
you see, where we get the output 2.
Now if I was to change this to, just say
true, just
so you can see that it does work, we get
the output true.
So, this is how you could do a long if
statement.
The only problem with this is that, it
only works with outputs.
It doesn't work with other conditional
statements running,
so if you wanted to do more logical
conditions afterwards, you'd have to use
the if
else if statements, rather than using the
dictionary method.
However, this is quite useful if all
you're
doing is outputting something to the to
the user.
Now you'll notice if I was to try 4 here,
and we run it, then we get a problem.
We get an error output and that's because
the, the key
within value or four 4, the index of 4
doesn't exist.
It only goes up to 1, 2 and 3.
So the fourth one isn't there and it's,
not got a default value as such
because it can't give a value, like that,
because of the way the dictionary works.
Now, there is something called a
tri-catch, which
we will be covering later on in the
course.
However, that's quite a messy work around,
for something like this.
Where we could have, a much simpler method
of doing it.
And that much simpler method of doing it,
is using a function
that is built in, to the dictionary which
is called the get.
And what we do is we put the takes two
parameters and
a parameter measures a piece of
information that we pass towards it.
And the first, the first parameter is the
variable that you're passing.
The information that you want it to check,
and the
second parameter is the default, if it
can't find it.
And so you'll see now that it gets the
output default.
So that is just, a quick work around on
which you can do
to get around the fact, that Python
doesn't have switch statement built in.
So thank you for watching, and I will see
you soon.
[MUSIC]